Update pfsense.md (#8544)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/methods/pfsense.md

**Note:** If you receive a `Not Found` error during the last two commands above, you will either need to manually look
in the [repo folder](http://pkg.freebsd.org/FreeBSD:11:amd64/latest/All/) for the latest available package and use its
URL instead, or you can try manually changing the netdata version in the URL to the latest version.

> **Note 2:** On pfSense 2.4.5, Python version 3.7 may be installed by the system, in which case you should drop the python package from the install list.

Reviewer: A slight rephrasing, and I've also added a new line between the two notes so that they render as separate paragraphs.

I also added some people from the packaging team to double-check these instructions as well.

```suggestion
URL instead, or you can try manually changing the Netdata version in the URL to the latest version.

**Note:** On pfSense 2.4.5, Python version 3.7 may be installed by the system, in which case you should should not install Python from the FreeBSD repository as instructed above.
```
